### Hello, and thank you for agreeing to test 2.0!
To make things easier for everyone, I've listed everything that I think needs multiple sets of fresh eyes. The version you are testing does not have complete voice files, and there are other things I still want to add, but they do not require testing.

**Again, thank you so much for your time.** :revolving_hearts:

**Objective: Try to break things with normal player stuff that a dev may miss.**

### Intro
- Go to the Winking Skeever
- Recruit Katana upstairs
- Talk after recruiting to get the feather + begin timer
- Wait 1 hour, then talk
- Wait 3 hours, then talk
- Wait 3 hours, then talk
- Wait 6 hours (make sure you are not in Whiterun), then talk

### CBBE Nude
- Does this work as intended? I think this is supposed to have physics, but I will be honest, I have not checked this file in a while.
- What is the behavior of the actors with NSFW mods?

### Khajiit Speak
- Any typos?

### COTN Winterhold patch
- Any issues?

### JK's Drunken Huntsman
- Any issues?

### JK's Bee and Barb
- Any issues?

### General
- How are the idles? Is there anything playing too much in your opinion?
- Are there idles that you think should be playing more?
- When summoning Katana and Megara, how often do the reactions play? Like, "Miss me?" "Looking for me?"
- If playing as a werewolf, are you hearing comments about your transformation?
- If playing as a vampire, are you hearing comments when you feed?

### Megara 
- Read [this document](https://github.com/annakins/Katana/blob/main/Megara's%20Buffs.md) to gather potions to test buff system
- Install [Wounds](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/17581) AND my Wounds patch in FOMOD and see if there are any issues with this feature
- Ask to be cured when sick and not sick
- Test radiant bounty quests
- Ask to hold back in combat so she just heals you
- Play as a vampire and see how well she heals you

### Katana
- Test scouting package (after Chasing the Current)
- What are your thoughts on the shade she summons in combat (after Chasing the Current)?

### Katana's Trust system
- See if you can get reactions from the following:
    - Brawls Won
    - Houses Owned
    - Dragon Souls Collected
    - Shouts Mastered
    - Weapon Made
    - Armor Made
    - Weapon Improved
    - Bribes**
    - Pickpocketing**
    - Murders**
    - Bunnies Slaughtered**
    - Items Stolen**
- These are set to NOT play all the time. I have a GetRandomPercent enabled so you don't get spammed
- Erm... attack innocent animals and see what reactions you get :(
- Talk to Katana and say, `I want to talk about my lifestyle...` and then `It's... special. Look away when I "bite".`
- If you turned on the above feature, Katana should not comment on when you commit what has an asterisk**. As well, the relationship should not be affected when you commit such acts

### Chasing the Current
- Play as someone that does not trust Katana
- Play as someone that trusts Katana
- Decide to dismiss Katana several times during the quest, and attempt to do the quests and see if there are bugs (have your `coc solitudewinkingskeever` handy because the summon spell does not work if you do not have her recruited)

### Chadryn - The Flirtatious Fly
- Chadryn shows up immediately after recruiting Megara for the first time, outside the Drunken Huntsman
- He can be found next in Solitude, outside Radiant Raiment
- Next, he can be found outside Riften (follow the pathway), hunting
- Next, he can be found by the bridge in Riverwood
- Some scenes require Megara. All scenes should require Katana. He should tell you when they are expected, if you do not have them with you
- Chadryn should disappear 24 hours after the last scene

### The Sweetest Carrot
- Go to the Bannered Mare, right by the bar. A forcegreet should occur
- Play as someone that wants to help
- Play as someone that refuses to help
- Talk to Katana after each stage if you have her
- Do you think commentary should happen in certain places?
- Are forcegreets happening when they shouldn't?

### The Khat's Eye
- Head to Moorside Inn in Morthal
- Decide to dismiss Katana and/or Megara several times during the quest
- Al'Tharo should disappear 24 hours after the last scene

### Sugar and Spice
- This only gets triggered after The Sweetest Carrot has been brought to your attention
- Go anywhere safe that is NOT Whiterun
- Play with Megara in party 
- Play without Megara in party
- Decide to dismiss Katana and attempt to do the quest, and see if there are bugs
- Choose sweet route
- Choose spicy route
- Are forcegreets happening when they shouldn't? This is forcegreet-heavy

### The Nut Boys
- Head to the outside of the Honningbrew Meadery
- Let scene play. Anything weird?
- Read the note that Deepvos left on Azatar's body, if you can
- They should head to the Bannered Mare when they are done
- They should disappear 24 hours after the scene